Add .qpj and .qmd Extensions to Shapefile Handling #8134 (#10305)
IQSS/dataverse: doc/release-notes/8134-add-qpj-qmd-extensions.md

Add .qpj and .qmd Extensions to Shapefile Handling

> - Support for `.qpj` and `.qmd` files in shapefile uploads has been introduced, ensuring that these files are properly recognized and handled as part of geospatial data sets in Dataverse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for `.qpj` and `.qmd` files in shapefile uploads has been introduced, ensuring that these files are properly recognized and handled as part of geospatial datasets in Dataverse.
```
